Fine. I'll run, but if you think I'm getting my knees begging you, you are so wrong.
So you are a backing-out on your word?
Got it.
Shannon, we're all friends here.
Asking Ricky to kneel down and beg is a bit much, don't you think?
A bit much?
Karen, you didn't say a word when your pet of a friend told me to kneel down for a week.
You know what? You can kneel and rip the slot.
You're taking us too far, Shannon.
Don't push your book, Shannon.
Now I'm starting to think that maybe you cheated on the exam in order to make Ricky look better.
How's my house been doing this for my year grades and proving so much,
even though Ricky's been tutoring you every day and you are still failing.
Where's your proof, bitch?
Oh, your house grades are the proof, bitch.
Anyway, we hope you have time to study after tempting to your sugar daddy's knees.
Hey, fuck your mouth.
Just you, wait, Shannon. Just you, wait.
Everyone's gonna know that you're a cheater and a whore.